if you're in a really high temple operation and you're dealing with grief
and you think that it's, um affecting your work, the main thing
to do is tell your supervisor you cannot be working in a dangerous situation
and dealing with emotions that you can't control. You're putting
yourself at risk. You're putting other people at risk, so at least
let it out in the open. Um, your supervisor would likely or I would
likely put you in a role that's either, uh, less, strict, less
less intensive. Or if we keep you in that intense role, uh, that will
monitor you more closely, will make sure that you're not directly
affecting somebody and putting their their cells at risk.